SGD PO                                          user manual

About

SGD PO managed in V4 and is a way to attach a group of WOs to an SGD PO
and make sure that the entire quantity does not exceed the SGD quantity.

Main Features SGD PO.

     Define new SGD PO
     Edit SGD PO
     Watch SGD PO status in the system

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3  July 9, 2025
Manager > List SGD PO

General

PO (purchase order) is documented in ERP system that can be not connected
to the V4 system. When it is not connected it's difficult to follow and control
the production quantity.
The SGD feature allows the user to track after the PO quantity when it is
divided into different WO and make sure that the production quantity not
exceeds from the wanted quantity.
It is also a way to attach PO information to its WOs.

Details

When opening the SGD PO list
from the menu, an SGD POs
selection screen is displayed.
The list contains all SGD POs
that are defined in the system.

     PO - purchase order id
         number. Unique.

     Status - the PO status can be open, cancel or complete.
     Sw_version - the item's software version.

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3                July 9, 2025
Manager > List SGD PO

     Hw_version - the item's hardware version.
     Item - the PN of the PO.
     PO Qty - the item's total quantity by the PO.
     WO Qty - the item's total production quantity by WOs.

         For example: If there are two WOs connected to a specific SGD PO,
         the WO Qty will be presented as the sum of the quantities from both
         WOs.
You can search for a specific PO in the search field. The search can be
performed using any of the fields.
To select one SGD PO, click the specific relevant row. A details screen will
appear and there you can edit the SGD PO details.

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3  July 9, 2025
Manager > List SGD PO

Open new SGD PO

To add a new SGD PO please follow the following steps:

    Define item as SGD

         Under Engineering > Item management > Item data, enter the PN
         number and press TAB. By clicking on the wanted PN's row a window
         with all the item's
         details will open. To
         define the item as SGD
         you need to write YES
         in SGD control row and
         press save.
         See attached picture.

 Open a new SGD PO

    On the SGD POs screen by pressing on the 'New SGD PO' button.
    In the window opens, fill the details on the PO and save. The PO will
    be shown on the main screen.

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3  July 9, 2025
Manager > List SGD PO

    Connect WO to SGD PO

         To open new WO, go to Manager > List WOs > new WO. The relevant
         PO number needs to be filled in the LOT field for the WO and PO to be
         connected.

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3  July 9, 2025
Manager > List SGD PO

Important Notes

     SGD PO can manage PN that are not Motorola related.
     The item must be defined as SGD as explained above.
     The PO number must be filled in the WO details in the LOT field. WO

         with no LOT define will not be connected to any SGD PO.
     A quantity check will be performed whenever a user attempts to assign

         a WO to an open SGD PO. If the total quantity across all WOs linked to
         that specific SGD PO exceeds the total quantity defined in the PO, the
         new WO will not be allowed to connect to it.
     SNs management in SGD POs is identical to that of regular POs. The
         system does not impose any restrictions on transferring SNs between
         POs, regardless of whether they are SGD-managed or not.

MS3 Ltd. Proprietary and confidential  Rev 1.3  July 9, 2025
